I purchased Neutron via PayPro but still getting Trial Expired?
I purchased Neutron in Google Play but still getting Trial Expires message?
Can I install and use Neutron on Android device without Google Play services?
Why Neutron stops playing when screen is switched off on Huawei/Honor device?
Is it possible to achieve Bit-Perfect output with Neutron?
Are there any themes for Neutron which could change its Look and Feel?
How to complete close Neutron app so it becomes unloaded from the memory?
Is there support for a streaming audio?
How to avoid playing ringtones and other audio files with non-music content?
How to create my own playlist and add tracks to it?
Where I can find the file of the playlist which I created by Neutron?
I modified metadata (tags) of some music files but do not see the changes in Neutron.
Does Neutron download album art from the Internet?
I do not see album art, does Neutron supports it?
How do I connect to my network device via SMB/CIFS or UPnP/DLNA?
If I set Preamp gain above slider's middle position sound becomes distorted.
On every track change the sound becomes overloaded (too loud) and then becomes normal normal, is it a bug?
I copied new music to the directory referenced by one of the Source entries but music does not appear in Neutron automatically.
Can I create more sources to link some other directories which contain music files?
Can I register more directories which have music files?
Is it possible to delete an existing source entry inside Sources?
What is Resampling and does Neutron use it?
Crossfeeding button is replaced with Surround when Surround mode becomes active?
How to avoid loosing my settings?
How to transfer files to Neutron over the local network?
How to save CPU and battery when using Neutron?
I found a bug how can I report it?
What are your course fees? What should I do to commence or enroll in a course?
May I postpone my lesson if I can’t turn up?
How can I check the slot availability for the courses?
How may I book my recuperation/make-up lessons?
Will the school assess my abilities before I begin my lessons?
I need to terminate my lessons, how may I do so?
If my instructor is absent, do I need to pay for that lesson?
Can I attend lessons on a fortnightly (every 2 weeks) basis instead of once a week?
What are the school’s peak and off peak hours?
Do you have any practice rooms? Do I need to pay for usage, and do I need to make any advance bookings?
Does the school rent out rooms or teaching studios to the public?
Do I have to purchase any learning materials?
What If I lose the P.B.E.S™ student edition textbook? Can I get a replacement?
Am I able to choose my own instructor?
If I don’t like the current instructor, may I switch to another instructor half-way through the course?
May I request being assigned to a male/female instructor?
What are your opening hours?
Can you offer flexible hours?
Do you have weekday evening slots?
Do you conduct any group classes?
When do I have to pay my school fees?
Are your music classes conducted only in English?
Do you have any trial lesson and do I have to pay for it?
What happens if I can't come to one of the lessons? Do I get a replacement lesson?
May I change my permanent lesson schedule or day once my lesson slot is fixed?
If I am sick, do I get a makeup lesson?
Yes, provided you are able to show a copy of your MC to our administrator at the counter, who will then credit your account a recuperation/makeup lesson for the one you missed.
Can I still get a makeup lesson credit?
How do I use a makeup lesson?
Can I use my makeup lesson for my next month’s school fees?
When can I use my makeup lesson?
If I need to travel for 1-2 months, may I stop and continue later?
What type of payment do you accept? Do you accept credit cards?
How are your classes conducted?
Do you provide home lessons?
What is the maximum length of time (How long) I may suspend my lessons for?
Can I book now?
If I can’t come for a lesson, can the lesson fee be waived (if I inform the school way in advance)?
What happens if there are 5 lessons in that particular month? Do I miss that one lesson?
40 How long does it take to complete one level?
You may decide for yourself the duration of your study at Play by Ear Music School.
Do you conduct ABRSM Jazz exams at PBE music school?
Are there any exams in your school?
May I speak with the instructor first before I sign up?
How do I know when I should progress to the next level, if there are no exams?
Do I get a certificate at the end of the course?
How many instructors does PBE have?
Do I need to bring anything for my first lesson?
What are PBE workshops? Who can attend those workshops?
How may I check the latest workshop schedule?You may visit our website http://play-by-ear.net/workshop-schedules.html
It is retained as a security deposit for us, in the event where students are late or default on their fee payments or if they terminate their lessons without giving the required 4 weeks’ advance notice.
Is there a customized program that will suit my lifestyle?
How do I create an account on Jamendo Music?
What do I do if I can't access my account?
How can downloading on Jamendo be free and legal?
What do I do if I stumble upon a track that seems to be copyrighted?
How do the radios work?
What is free music?
What is Creative Commons?
Are there any requirements I have to meet before joining any of the music courses?
Should I join Group or Private Coaching?
I already have some music background, can I skip the beginning stages (for group classes)?
Are the courses beneficial for people who aspire to perform?
What if I am too slow or too fast in the class?
How would I know if I am comfortable with the age group of the class?
Do I need to bring my own instrument to classes?
What types of songs will I be playing with?
How is the payment of course fee like?
Do you conduct lessons on weekends and Public Holidays?
Can I choose my preferred day to have the lesson conducted?
What happens if I have to miss 1 lesson on my own accord?
Do you conduct private coaching lessons?
What if I need to be away for a period of time due to personal plans?
I really want to attend your classes, but I can’t commit to the same timing every week. Do you have a more flexible class schedule?
Do you conduct special courses with certain goals in mind, for corporate or a group of music friends?
What happens after completing a course?
I like to go for karaoke sessions with my friends and wish to learn how to sing better. However, I don’t wish to take up singing professionally. Is this course suitable for me?
I would like to perform on my daughter’s wedding in 6 months’ time. Will I be able to learn to sing my preferred song and be taught on how to perform in front of an audience?
My friends say me that I’m tone-deaf. Will vocal lessons support me to improve this aspect?
What is chest voice, head voice? I heard all these terms before but totally have no idea!
What is falsetto? I always sing my high notes with airy sound.
I always experience hoarseness after singing in karaoke. What is wrong?
I need to use my voice in my work. Would learning singing helps in my speech too？
Acoustic Guitar
What is the difference between an acoustic and a classical guitar?
I'm a left-hander. Do I need to get a left-hander guitar?
I know that your fingers will hurt when first start playing guitar. I am not so sure if I could take it. How badly does it really hurt?
Is it better to learn on electric guitar or acoustic guitar?
Will I learn to read musical scores (a.k.a. 5-lines score) and play according to them?
What is a chord?
I am a classical pianist who wishes to play pop music. Do I need to start from the beginning?
I have a piano at home. Can I use the piano to practice?
Do you guide us for certification examinations?
What is accompaniment?